[Docs] feature peering (#2672)
liqotech/liqo: docs/features/peering.md

(FeaturesPeeringArchitecture)=

## Architecture

This section describes the architecture and the approach used by Liqo to perform the peering process.
Additional in-depth details about the requirements are presented in the [installation requirements section](/installation/requirements), while the [usage section](/usage/peer) describes the operational commands to establish the peering.

To establish a successful peering, two kinds of traffic are required:

* Authentication and Offloading traffic: the consumer directly contacts the provider cluster API server, which needs to be exposed, or at least be reachable to the consumer (if using private networks).
* Network traffic: this is required for *pod-to-pod* and *pod-to-service* communication.
The network fabric is established by exposing a UDP endpoint (through a *Service*) on only one of the clusters (by default on the provider, but it can be configured).

The approach is schematized at a high level in the figure below.

![Peering architecture](/_static/images/features/peering/peering-arch.drawio.svg)

```{admonition} Note

> The standard *liqoctl* peer command requires the operator to have access to both cluster API servers, through their *kubeconfigs*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standard *liqoctl* peer command requires the machine running it to have simultaneous access to both cluster API servers, through their *kubeconfigs*.
```

> If this is not possible, refer to the advanced guide to learn how to perform the peering manually without having contemporary access to both clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this is not possible, refer to the advanced guide to learn how to perform the [peering manually](/advanced/manual.md) without having contemporary access to both clusters.
```
